## Approach 1: merge sort
merge sort split list into left and right, then call itself function again with left and right lists as inputs. The return lists from the called function on left and right, are merged into one. This merged method is to compare the given left and right lists, iterate them from idx 0, append the smaller one first, when one list is done, attach the other one to the output.  
The key concept here is to use recursive function to call itself.  
- Why merge function can guarantee the output is ordered?  
The recursive step goes to the base case, we can have two singular elements to compare in the merge function. From the beginning of the comparisons, they are ordered, then later comparisons on longer lists are also ordered. 

### Complexity
- Time: O(n log n), O(log n) times recursive call, merge at each length level is O(n)
- Space: O(n) due to the temporary list used in the merge function 

## Approach 2: Quick sort
choose a pivot, smaller values go to left and larger go to right.  
This is also a recursive function and difference with merge sort is the moving operation happens on each recursive step, not like merge sort, recursive to the base case, then, merge and collect back.  
the key thing to be careful is: 
- swap is in list, not use a temporary list 
- in the partitation function, the pivot is initially conisdered as the tail one, then all other values are compared with it; **counterintuitive** understanding is: when current idx value is smaller than pivot, then this value is swapped with the prepred idx value, which is larger than pivot and un-moved before this iteration. After swap, smaller value goes to smaller idx, larger value goes to current idx.  
after all iterations in this partation call, swap the pivot with the first larger value  

### Complexity
- Time: avg O(n log n), worst O(n^2)
- Space: O(n)

## Approach 3: Selective sort
Use outer and inner loops to sort the un-ordered array/list.  
From the inner loop, each complete loop will find out the idx for the smallest value, then swap it with the first value in this sub list. So, after each inner loop, the smallest value will be put at the head of the sub list. Eventually, the whole list is sorted from small to large.  
The key in the method is 
- before the inner loop starts, initialize the min_idx as the first one in the sub list, then the inner loop starts on the next idx. 
- during the inner loop, the founded smaller value index is given to min_idx
- swap operation happens only after each inner loop

### Complexity
- Time: O(n^2)
- Space: O(n)


